hello everyone I'm here today with a
review of the splintered series by AG
Howard and it's everything that I could
have imagined in better the second book
in the series unhinged came out January
seventh so that's mainly what I'll be
talking about in this video but I am
going to give you a brief little
synopsis of kind of what the first book
was about and so if you're interested
you can go pick it up I should have a
link to both of the books down below so
you can click on them and check them out
the first and the second books I really
enjoy them first of all the cover art is
definitely eye-catching I love the cover
art of both the first and the second and
that's really kind of what drew me in
and decide that I give it a try because
it's not really like anything I've ever
really read before and I've enjoyed it
and i've added these books to my
favorite section on Goodreads to give a
brief synopsis of what the first book is
about it is about a 17 year old girl
named alyssa gardner and she is a
descendant of Alice from Lewis Carroll's
Alice in Wonderland and ever since Alice
came back from wonderland the female
side of their family line has always
been cursed with going mad so when
Alyssa finds that she has an opportunity
to save herself and her mother from
being insane and mad she decides that
she'll do whatever it takes in order for
her family to be rid of this curse that
Alice set up this Wonderland in the
series has a very Tim Burton e type of
feel but it's a lot more twisted and
it's like that type of spin but it still
is completely different from the movie
or you know anything else that you could
really think of so I just finished the
second book if that sounds really
intriguing to you and you want to check
it out on Goodreads and find it and read
it I highly recommend that you do so
this is the end of the non spoilery
section so come back when you have read
unhinge and I hope some of you guys have
because I really want to talk about it
so check out the books in the link below
if you have not heard of them and go
read them and then come back ok bye
unhinged I loved unhinge there's aspects
about it that I liked more than the
first
look in those aspects that I didn't like
as much as the first book one of them
being I really wanted to go back into
Wonderland so she doesn't go to
wonderland in this book and it kind of
leaves you knowing that probably the
third and the final book is really gonna
be spent basically the main whole book
in Wonderland so I understand why the
second book has to be in the human realm
so that way I can lead up to the third
book and it shows her struggle between
her Wonderland soften her human self and
I get that I really loved Wonderland and
that's what really made me so in tune to
this whole series that even though we
saw the White Rabbit and lots of
morpheus you know we had those
Wonderland elements I still really miss
going into Wonderland so I'm really
actually kind of shocked with myself
because I usually don't go for the bad
guys in book series kind of the more
rebellious ones i guess but in this book
series for Alyssa I really like Morpheus
and in the first book I didn't really
like Morpheus at all but in the second
book I just felt that Jeb's character
was just blah there wasn't a lot to his
character and so it made the
interactions between Alyssa and Morpheus
all that more exciting and he calls to
her you know Wonderland side of her and
so I like their romance a little bit
more I do hope what the white queen set
comes true and that she's able to live
out her human life with Jeb and then
she'll go back to Wonderland and then
she can have the rest of basically
eternity with more fetus in his kingdom
because it would be great to kind of see
them both but at the same time I feel
like that's already been done in another
series and so I don't want it to kind of
have that same repetitive feeling as
much as I don't want Alyssa to choose I
think that a choice is necessary so I'm
kind of torn on that I want it to be oh
yeah everyone gets a happy ending but at
the same time I think that it's
important to the story line if she chew
and in that case if she chooses I hope
she was just Morpheus I did like how we
got to see more of Morpheus
vulnerabilities and we got to understand
him more as a character and as not a
trick lying person even though he still
kind of is but there is reasons behind
why he is what he is and it's because
Alyssa's mom tricked him he needed to
find a way in order to get rid of Reds
death speak to Morpheus there's two
things that were kind of like surprising
in the book but at the same time like
huh come on really the first one is when
alyssa has all of her paintings that she
does with her blood and it shows the
four different queens vying for the
crown and the thing that surprised me is
I did not suspect the second sister but
what I was kind of disappointed at is so
there was second sister and then read of
course and then it was like her two
different sides to her so that was the
four I thought for sure it was going to
be second sister really shocked me it
wasn't I didn't know for sure but then
it should have been in my opinion second
sister read Alyssa and her mom which
leads me to the second thing that I was
kind of really disappointed in when
Alyssa almost drowns and her mom is in
the hospital and listening to the
flowers I believe and the flowers told
her that someone close to Alyssa will
betray her and so I thought it was going
to be her mom I would like to see more
of this mom Alyssa dynamic and so I
thought it was going to be the mother
who was going to go after the crown and
kind of force Alyssa's hand that way oh
I was really disappointed when it was
like after she kissed Morpheus or
something she's like all the person
who's gonna betray myself was me like
that was kind of a letdown I the whole
time through the book was like who's it
gonna be who's gonna be and thinking it
might be jab or it might be the mom who
is it who was it going to be and then it
was herself I I kind of felt like it was
a letdown and so that's one of the two
things i wish i could have changed
I really do like the ending however you
know everyone that she cares about is in
Wonderland and separated and she wants
to do everything she can to get back so
the last chapter was really a shocker
for me and I was like man Lissa's got
some guts and how she was in this
sustained asylum because her dad put her
there and she's you know exhibiting all
the signs that her mom did and you know
knowing that she's doing this on purpose
and then she asks for dad what do you
think about you know getting some of
your memories back because we were told
in this book which was another shocker
is that her dad used to be in Wonderland
and used to be sisters tues like dream
boy thing and how wondering is made up
of dreams and he was like a great
dreamer and so he was tucking wunderland
for a while until alicious mom brought
him out so I think it's really
interesting and I think it's going to be
such a great twist though in the last
book when obviously her dad is gonna
help her get back Morpheus and jab who
are stuck in this like cast out world
for wonderland creatures and so I think
that was such a great twist to where I
just want to pick up the third book like
give it to me I want it now and I want
to be back in Wonderland so that is all
I have for today I hope you've enjoyed
everything please do not forget to
subscribe you can also follow me on
Goodreads and Twitter and Tumblr and so
i'll see you next time i have a book but
i really want to review it should be
soon so i will see you sometime next
week bye